Mention repositories are typed in concepts page (#1346)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/concepts.rst

    :align: center

Content units in Pulp are organized by their membership in :term:`Repositories<Repository>` over

> time. Repositories are typed by their plugin and can only hold content of the same type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time. Repositories are typed by their plugin and can only hold content of certain types.
```
Most repositories nowadays can hold different (related) types of content.
e.g. ansible roles/collections; rpm and advisories; deb, udeb and installer tree files.
